Add a note about requirements.txt for new-to-python folks (#2009)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

## Add Python, OS-level packages, and Airflow providers

Most Airflow DAGs need an OS-level or Python package to run. For Python packages, there are two primary kinds that you might have to add to your Astro project:

> - Python libraries. If you’re using Airflow for a data science project, for example, you might use a popular data science library such as [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) or [NumPy (`numpy`)](https://numpy.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Python libraries. If you’re using Airflow for a data science project, for example, you might use a data science library such as [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) or [NumPy (`numpy`)](https://numpy.org/).
```

- Airflow providers. Airflow providers are Python packages that contain all relevant Airflow modules for a third-party service. For example, `apache-airflow-providers-amazon` includes the hooks, operators, and integrations you need to access services on Amazon Web Services (AWS) with Airflow. See [Provider packages](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers/).

> Adding the name of a package to the `packages.txt` or `requirements.txt` files of your Astro project installs the package to your Airflow environment or Deployment. The `requirements.txt` file uses pip, a package manager for Python packages and modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the name of a package to the `packages.txt` or `requirements.txt` files of your Astro project installs the package to your Airflow environment or Deployment. Python packages are installed from your `requirements.txt` file using [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/).
```

    astro dev bash --scheduler "pip freeze | grep <package-name>"
    ```

To learn more about the format of the `requirements.txt` file, see [Requirements File Format](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/requirements-file-format/#requirements-file-format) in pip documentation. To browse Python libraries, see [PyPi](https://pypi.org/). To browse Airflow providers, see the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/).

> ## Add DAG utility files
> 
> Use the `include` folder to store additional utilities required by your DAGs. For example, templated SQL scripts and custom operators.
> 
> In most cases, Astronomer recommends moving the `include` folder into the `dags` directory so that your DAGs can access your utility files.
> 
> :::tip
> 
> When you use the `astro deploy -—dags` command to deploy to Astro, the `include` folder in the Astro project directory is not deployed with your DAGs unless it is in the `dags` directory. Instead, it is built into the Docker image with your other project files and requires running `astro deploy`. See [Deploy DAGs only](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only).
> 
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This was addressed in another PR that merged recently. See https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/develop-project#add-utility-files
